[Music]
when was the last time you played
detective probably investigating the
classic where's the other sock case
well surely your brain needs a little
more stimulation than that
give these tricky riddles ago and treat
your mind to the challenge it deserves
be sure to hit that big red subscribe
button and ring the little bell icon to
join us on the bright side you'll have 9
cases to solve and 10 seconds for each
of them if you feel like that time is
definitely not enough go ahead and pause
the video now onto the riddles number
one whose rendezvous two friends run
into each other on the street their
conversation goes something like this
hi Alice where are you had it I'm going
to 23 Green Street and what about you
Jane I'm on my way to my friend Sue's
house she lives at number 7 now can you
tell me one which of them is Jane and
which is Alice - where's the girl with a
bob haircut going
[Music]
you're 10 seconds are up are your
answers ready 1 alice is the girl with
the Bob to reach that conclusion all you
have to do is look at the building
number it's 19
if you walk from the first building on
the street then those who odd numbers
will typically be on the left side the
girl with a bob is moving towards the
houses with higher numbers since 23
comes after 19
so that's Alice - Alice our Bob's Beauty
is going to her theater group meeting
where else might you need a violin a
sword and a scepter at the same time
number 2
the watering cans two elderly ladies go
to the river to fill up their watering
cans which of them will bring more water
back despite the fact that one of these
ladies has a taller watering can both
spouts are on the same level based on
the laws of physics water cannot go
above the spout so that means that both
of these lovely ladies will bring back
the same amount of water to their
gardens
[Music]
number three kids on a hike here we have
five young friends going on a hike in
the woods one of them is named Mike and
he's either the first or the last in
line if Jane were walking beside max
then John would be next to his namesake
the question is what order are they
walking in you still have just ten
seconds to figure it all out from right
to left
these kids are Mike max John Jane and
John number for the train this train is
traveling on the Munich Salzburg track
it's either heading west or east as
shown by the arrows just based on this
information can you tell me one where's
the train going from Munich to Salzburg
or back to what time of year and month
is it three what does the girl in the
picture do
do you have your answers ready well here
they come
one the snow hasn't melted yet because
it's on the northern slope so the train
must be going from west to east
that is from Munich to Salzburg too
given that some of the snow has melted
it must be spring also seeing that the
girl is holding flowering willow in her
hands it's early April 3 the girl is
holding a staff and there's a dog next
to her it's safe to say that she hurts
sheep yeah
that one was pretty tough you need to
know some geography horticulture and
telltale signs of a shepherd but we've
only just gotten started here's a real
challenge for you
number 5 what's wrong in this picture to
make it a little easier for you or
harder here's a hint
there are 16 things terribly wrong about
it remember you can always pause the
video if you need more than 10 seconds
[Music]
ok you ready 1 the wind is blowing in
different directions the smoke from the
chimney is going one way yet - trees are
bent the other way - it's not clear what
time of the year it is there are trees
with fresh green foliage trees that have
started to turn and sell others that
have already lost their leaves 3 the
pine has a branch with the wrong type of
leaves for the leaves on the birch hard
birch but more like juniper leaves 5
there's a saddle on the horse but no
yolk
six the horses plowing in the wrong
direction it's moving towards the ground
that it's already plowed seven the horse
is plowing alone there's nobody holding
the plough eight a house can't have a
street address that's zero nine
the house has a porch that leads to no
door 10 the curtains on the window are
hanging outside 11 there's no roof or
chimney in the houses shadow 12 the
person's shadow falls in one direction
yet the dog shadow goes in another
direction 13 the fence has five pickets
but only four cast a shadow 14 the heat
card in the background is way taller
than a normal person 15 the stars are
still out it given all the sunshine and
shadows that it's casting it's probably
still daytime 16 one of the sheep is
missing a leg
number six stranded
here we have a scene that could come
straight out of a movie
looks like these folks are stranded on a
deserted island just based on the image
can you answer the following questions
one how many people live in the cap -
how long have they been here three is
the River near the camp deep four are
the cranes flying north or south five
the picture shows four people what is
each of them doing six who else lives on
this island seven is the ship going with
or against the current eight what month
is it
[Music]
let's see if you managed to figure out
the correct answer one if you look at
the note hanging on the tree you can
understand that there are six people
living in this camp - given that a
spider managed to spin a web near that
camp these survivors must have been here
for at least several days three the man
on the ship is measuring the depths of
the river with a pole you can see that
it's not that deep
for judging by the fruit in the picture
it must be early fall or at the end of
summer that means that cranes are
heading south five two people are having
lunch
the third is checking the depth of the
river and the fourth is fishing see his
pole there six well I don't know about
any human locals but a snail a spider
and cranes do call this island home
seven judging by how the water disperses
at the bow of the ship it's going
against the current and away from the
sea eight since there's a melon on that
plate it must be August mmm melon season
number seven father and son once again
this picture requires all your attention
but you're pretty much Sherlock Holmes
at this point so how about a go at these
questions one
what's the father's job to what country
does the family live in three what
season and month is it four are there
any more kids in the family five what
year is it
[Music]
and you're 10 seconds are up let's check
your answers one guessing by that
keyboard and scratch table in the room
and dad's super hipster look he must be
a DJ too that looks like traditional
khinkali on that plate and Georgian
writing on the newspaper headline yep
they live in Georgia 3 the blooming
poinsettia on the windowsill tells us
that it's winter December to be more
precise for there's a cradle in the
corner and toys on the couch though
certainly don't belong to that teenage
boy in the bathroom this family
definitely has a baby and probably a
girl aged about 5 to 7 judging by the
toys 5 did you spot that brand new
fidget spinner on the desk
yup it's 2017 the year these things
became popular worldwide here comes the
most challenging of all challenges
number 8 find eight differences in these
two pictures
[Music]
time's up I hope you remember that the
spider should have eight legs and it's
missing all of them in picture - hey
that's a pretty big differences legs
should do matter - a spider you know
[Music]
number nine who's the cat's owner these
three girls seem to be really excited
about this kitty who wouldn't be but can
you tell which girl is the cat's owner
[Music]
this Kitty belongs to the girl with
halls in the front part of her tights
the other suspect who seems to have been
in contact with some wild animal given
the holes on the back side of her tights
must have got caught on something as she
was sitting down hey don't go anywhere
just yet I've got a bonus riddle for you
can you tell what's wrong in this
picture this time I'm not gonna give you
the answer let's discuss it down in the
comments don't forget to give this video
a like stump your friends and send it to
them and click subscribe to stand the
bright side of life
[Music]